after the test of Panasonic's Ultra HD
model the CX 6 8 0
I decided to check how companies
entry-level smartly performs welcome to
the test of the cs5 to zero e Panasonic
series 5 models feature Full HD
resolution LCD panels with LED backlight
cs5 to zero e is available in 40 50 and
55 any screen sizes I've tested the
smallest one design is typical Panasonic
looks good but does not stand out bezel
is thing around 1 centimeters thick with
glossy finish stand is made of black
plastic with front surface that imitates
brushed aluminum side view reveals 4.5
centimeters depth which is the same from
top to bottom build quality is excellent
and TV stands firmly on it stand for
series 5 TV this is more than expected
especially compared with competition
being a member of series 5 this model
features only basic inputs including two
HDMI one USB hustling digital audio
output and standard analog inputs there
is also network connection and built-in
Wi-Fi Panasonic supplies its standard
remote which is actually very pleasant
to use has big buttons and all the
necessary controls for quick access if
you want to use web browser and apps I
highly recommend connecting USB keyboard
with touchpad
as opposed to models of the higher
series these TV features say my home
screen one point text multi-platform
which was originally launched two years
ago there are no new features inside but
you can still change layout of the home
screen BK template or make one yourself
still platform is very rigid and not
user-friendly especially when compared
with Firefox OS for competitive systems
media player is the same as on c x6 a0e
model for some reason panasonic has
ditched DTS so it only plays movies with
Dolby Digital soundtrack interface is
fast and I had no trouble connecting to
my Synology na s server and playing
files this model also supports subtitle
manipulation which is a new feature that
Panasonic finally has added this year
true cinema is the most precise picture
preset on this TV with the grayscale
that had a little too much blue and
color gamut which was oversaturated on
the green and under saturated on the red
I already saw this kind of color gamut
and previously tested TVs that use MV a
panel with this panel TV achieved over
5000 to 1 contrast ratio with realistic
black and bright whites this is a great
result for watching movies in a dark
room environment however things are not
so great if you check viewing angles
they are very limited and if you sit
even a little off axis you will see
under saturated colors and grayish black
the good things are that dirty screen
effect was almost non-existent and there
were no backlight leaks present motion
resolution tests have shown around 300
up to the total of 1080 lines which is
in line with other 50 Hertz TVs that
have aid in LED backlight ethnics
doubling of objects was evident so do
not consider this to be if you are a
sports fan or a gamer I liked how movies
were presented due to high contrast and
smooth playback Sendler definition was
also decent with slightly visible
mosquito effect with input lag of around
40 milliseconds and limited motion
resolution cs5 to 0e will satisfy
average and not demanding gamers like a
motion interpolation and dirty screen
effect will give uniform picture
but since you will probably sit close to
the screen the middle viewing angles
will cause colors to shift on the edges
as a conclusion cs5 2-0 ish shows same
performance as last year series 6 model
a s 600 e same panel with high contrast
and well implemented LED backlight will
give good performance in the darkroom
environment for sports games and other
dynamic content there are better and
cheaper choices on the market and same
goes for Smart TV performance as
alternatives this model I recommend
Panasonic s 600 D if you want same
performance and build quality you can
get it cheaper with this model from last
year Sony W 605 B similar picture
quality but cheaper and better choice
for gaming Samsung aged 6400 better
all-around er smaller contrast slightly
better viewing angles and better motion
resolution much better Smart TV platform
web browser and building media player
thanks for watching this video review be
sure to subscribe to my channel for more
calibration tips and reviews